When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

You want to use a remote repository when you want to share files with others.  This will
allow others to checkout your files for review, additions/updates, etc.  This also allows
for others to see the levels of your project, from production level to experimental/testing.


Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay 
up-to-date with your remote repository?

Pulling changes manually allows the developer to keep Git clean and organized.  Also, 
changes that are made remotely, whether by the developer or individuals working on the 
developer’s project, may not be ready to be pulled from the remote or may not have been 
saved at a logical point.  The ability to review manually and pull if necessary allows the
developer greater control.  


Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one 
instead of another?

A fork is a clone from one GitHub repository to another, staying exclusively within GitHub.  
This allows you to make changes to a repository you don’t have permission for.  The fork also 
sites its original source.  Finally, it’s a quicker and easier way to share with other 
individuals (as opposed to cloning remotely then setting up sharing privileges with others).
  
A clone is a replication of a repository that can be cloned (connected remotely) between 
GitHub (or other VCS) and a user’s local system or cloned within the users system itself. A 
clone is ideal when you need to make extensive changes that would be cumbersome directly
on GitHub.  Also, it allows you to keep your changes locally until they’re ready for a logical
push, as well as run all aspects of a project with your changes to verify all components run
correctly before pushing to GitHub.

Branches allow developers to work on particular aspects of a project independently that may
be incorporated back into the master branch when ready for production.  They are ideal when 
making specific changes/additions to the project, which can then be integrated back into the
clone/fork.


What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

The benefit is it allows you to work offline on the remote files if needed. 


How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be 
harder?

You could collaborate by sending edits via email, or even via phone to discuss 
edits, but this would be a much harder process.  It renders the effectiveness of project 
history to an almost meaningless status.  Also, all individuals working on the project
may be left out of the loop, potentially causing conflicts and redundant work.  Finally, 
the logic of the edits themselves may be lost and affect the overall understanding of the 
project.


When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? 
What benefits does each approach have?

You’d want to make changes in a separate branch when it’s necessary to keep the code
outside of the master until it’s approved and ready for incorporation into the master. 
This provides a level of quality control by getting edit feedback that may improve/streamline
the code.  Working directly in the master sidesteps the extra processes required to 
create a separate branch, making the process quicker and potentially more efficient by 
reducing time/labor.  Of course, it doesn’t have the stronger system of checks and balances
inherent in the separate branch approach.   