How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

Viewing a diff between two versions allowed me to immediately recognize any errors 
and/or differences that may have come about between versions.  A potentially cumbersome 
task of searching line by line was made remarkably easy by distilling the two versions 
down to only the discrepancies.  

 

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more 
efficient programmer in the long term?

Having access to the entire history allows an individual to pull from elements from 
all versions that may be incorporated into the current version.  In other words, 
an an element(s) that may have been discarded in an earlier version(s) may prove to be
the most effective approach in the current version after all, and can thus be 
easily implemented.  Also, an earlier version overall may have been a better 
approach/path than the newer version.  Version control allows an easy return to 
the original path (while still allowing for logical elements of the new version to 
possibly be implemented into the older version).  Short answer: it allows for backwards
and forwards compatibility.  



What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

The pros and cons of auto-saving commits:  The pro is that it saves the user from 
forgetting to commit on a regular basis.  An immense amount of work may be completed,
only to be lost to something like a systems crash.  The con is that the auto-save 
will most likely not save at a logical juncture.  Under this circumstance, the auto-save
may be confusing.  Such confusion may be compounded when comparing another auto-save(s) 
that suffers from the same problem.

The pros and cons of manual saving:  The pro is that the developer has complete control 
over the save option, allowing for a logical controlled save as they feel fit.  This allows 
for a stable comparison between versions.  The con is that the user fails to remember to
save at regular logical intervals.  If a crash is experienced, valuable work may be lost.  
 

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

It’s all dependent upon their intended functionality.  A version control like Google docs,
stores files that are most likely not dependent upon each other for functionality.  In 
this case, multiple file saving is not necessarily needed, and may even prove excessive.
Version control systems like Git save multiple files in one commit for, again, specific
functionality.  The types of files saved in Git are most likely dependent upon one 
another for functionality, so a multiple file save in one commit will allow a developer
to understand changes made and their effects across the board.  A developer can track
the effects without having to search through each and every file individually. 


How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

Git log allows you to locate the specific type of commit you are looking for.  Once you
have located the particular commit your looking for, you can compare that commit ID to the 
prior commit ID to see the exact additions and subtractions in lines of coding between the 
two commits.



How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

Due to the ability to easily search git commits at any stage of the process, any change(s)
that can break the program are easy to discover and repair.  Knowing that there is a 
functioning past commit that is stable allows the developer to confidently modify/experiment 
current coding without the worry of the not being able to find the cause of the error.  This
frees up the developer to make multiple changes within the current commit, removing the need
to run the program after each individual logical change.  Such tedious repetition is 
eliminated.   

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

Now that the workspace is set up, I now want to use git through my text editor Sublime.  This
will allow me to work consistently with all associated files in the repository in Sublime.  
